=List of Diagnoses=

  * You have mononucleosis
  * You have a whooping cough
  * You have the swine flu
  * *You are headless.*  
  * You have a strep throat
  * You have pulmonary tuberculosis
  * You have diarrhea
  * You have tonsillitis
  * You have chickenpox
  * You have acid reflux Disease
  * You have a common cold
  * You have malaria
  * You have yellow fever

=List of User-generated sentences=

  * I feel bodily pain.
  * *I am headless.*
  * I have throat spots.
  * I feel tired.
  * I have swollen tonsils.
  * I have red tonsils.
  * I have nausea.
  * I have nasal congestion.
  * I have neck pain.
  * I have back pain.
  * I have leg pain.
  * I have rib pain.
  * I have a sore throat.
  * I have difficulty breathing.
  * I have a headache
  * I have bodily sores.
  * *I have bloody stools.*
  * I have convulsions.
  * I have red eyes.
  * I have a dry cough
  * I have a bloody nose.
  * I have bleeding gums.
  * I am experiencing back pain.
  * I am wheezing.
  * *I am sneezing excessively.*
  * I have urinary incontinence.
  * I have an enlarged spleen.
  * I have sensitive teeth
  * I have an earache.
  * I am salivating excessively.
  * I am coughing up phlegm.
  * *I am losing weight unexpectedly.*
  * I have a stiff neck.
  * I have a runny nose.
  * I have joint pain.
  * *I have seizures.*
  * *I have loose watery stools?*
  * *I have a rash*
  * *I have itchiness*
  * *I have heartburn*
  * *I have a fever*
  * *I have a stomach ache*
  * *I have paralysis*
  * *I have pain swallowing* (NOTE THIS SENTENCE.  Pain swallowing= noun)
  * *I feel abdominal cramps*
  * *I am coughing up blood*   
  * *I am coughing up phlegm*
  * *I have bad breath*
  * *I have pockmarks*
  * *I feel chills*
  * *I feel sudden fits of coldness?*
  * *I feel dizziness*
  * *I have loss of appetite*
  * *I am vomiting*
  * *I have night sweats*
  * *I feel chest pain*
  * *I feel muscle pain*
  * *I have a swollen neck*


=Questions about Symptoms=

  * *Do you have loose watery stools?*
  * Do you have a sore throat?
  * *Do you have a rash?*
  * *Do you have itchiness?*
  * Do you have heartburn?
  * Do you have a fever?
  * Do you have a stomach ache?
  * *Do you have a whooping cough?*
  * *Do you have a cough?*
  * *Do you have paralysis?*
  * *Does you have swallowing pain?*
  * *Do you cough up blood?*
  * *Do you have abdominal cramps?*
  * Do you have bad breath?
  * Do you have pockmarks?
  * *Are you having chills* 
  * *Are you having sudden fits of coldness?*
  * Do you feel experience dizziness?
  * Do you experience loss of appetite?
  * *Do you vomit?*
  * *Do you have night sweats?*
  * Do you have a runny nose?
  * Do you have joint pain?
  * Do you have a headache?
  * Do you have seizures?
  * *Do you have chest pain?*
  * Do you have rib pain?
  * Do you feel bodily pain?
  * *Do you have neck pain?*
  * *Do you have leg pain?*
  * Do you have muscle pain?
  * Are you headless?
  * Do you have throat spots?
  * Do you feel fatigue?
  * *Do you have swollen tonsils?*
  * Do you feel nausea?
  * Do you have nasal congestion?
  * Do you have difficulty breathing?
  * Do you have bodily sores?
  * *Do you have convulsions?*
  * Do you have red eyes?
  * *Do you have a dry cough?*
  * Do you have a bloody nose?
  * Do you have bleeding gums?
  * Do you have wheezing?
  * *Are you sneezing excessively?*
  * *Do you have urinary incontinence?*
  * Do you have an earache?
  * *Are you salivating excessively?*
  * *Do you cough up phlegm?*
  * Do you have a stiff neck?
  * Do you have a swollen neck?
  * *Do you have unexpected weight loss?*