#summary Internal Project Documentation for Dr. Curt
= Dr. Curt =

Dr. Curt is a program composed of three different modules.  There is the grammar component, the diagnosis logic component, and the discourse engine component.  Each component has a team that is working on the different formulas to complete the Dr. Curt program.  Overall, the goal of Dr. Curt is to be able to dianose patients based on the sytmptoms that are presented to the program.

== Diagnosis Logic ==

The Diagnosis Logic Team is essentially the backbone of Dr. Curt.  Based on what the user implies, the Diagnosis Team takes the logic of the underlying principles of the project and feeds it into the program.  After the Discourse Engine gives the input from the user to the Grammar Team, the Diagnosis Team takes the information and puts it into a logical format that Prolog can understand.  The information is used to determine which symptoms occur most often, which leads to prompting the Grammar Team to ask the next question.  In addition, the Diagnosis Team determines the likelihood of a patient having a disease by takes into account how many symptoms are present in the patient pertaining to a certain disease.  All in all, the Diagnosis Logic Team takes what the user implies and puts it into logical terms for Prolog, so that the Grammar Team can take the interpretation and put it into grammatical terms that the user understands.  

== Grammar ==

The Grammar Team takes diseases and symptoms that are presented by the Diagnosis Team and develops a grammar, which seems to diagnose patients.  The diagnosis is based on the answers that the user gives.  The answers are disected so that the input is put into terms that the program can parse the sentence.  In essence, the Grammar Team composes Wh-Questions, Yes/No questions, and declarative statements.

== Discourse Engine ==

Basically, the Discourse Engine Team is the prime team that oversees that the other two components are working together to accomplish the goal of Dr. Curt.  The initial set up starts with Dr. Curt introducing himself and then asking the user/patient for their symptoms.  In general, the Discourse Engine develops an introduction which prompts the user to report symptoms to the program.  After the user enters their symptoms, the Diagnosis Team takes the symptoms and works to make a diagnosis.  The main flow begins by asking the Diagnosis Team to give a symptom that will help find a diagnosis.  The user then replies with a yes or no answer, which relays back to the Diagnosis Team to have Dr. Curt give an output.  Based on the output from the Diagnosis Team, the Grammar Team needs to parse the input from the user and put it into logic that Prolog will understand.  At this point, the Discourse Engine Team checks to make sure that the questions given by the Grammar Team are able to be handled by Prolog.  This goes into a continuous loop until the symptoms are diagnosed or the symptoms cannot be diagnosed.

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages